Communication is everything.
Validating each other.
Sharing concerns,
fears, sorrow, and joy.
It's very common, if you're not careful,
to lose the spark in a relationship,
just like that.
You take each other for granted.
-
You can stop noticing each other.
Maximum of five minutes waiting, please.
- Oh, I'm just picking up here.
- Make it quick.
Yeah.
You stop listening.
But you need to think back
to the day you first met.
So what was the reason that made you want…
want to be a couple?
Registration closes today.
It's so important to remember that.
- We only have one life.
- Great.
And it goes so fast.
- Sometimes a bit too fast.
- Very nice.
But if you live life to the fullest…
Anna, make sure
your mum signs this.
…and decide to…
Yes.
…simply let go…
- Let go!
No way!
…then life can be truly fantastic.
Of course, unexpected things
happen in life to everyone.
- That's the way it is.
- Hi, honey.
But maybe
you don't have to be afraid of that.
Hey.
- Are you angry?
No.
So you just felt like kicking a wall, huh?
Mmm.
Sure. Well, that's all right.
- Shall we go home?
Mmm-hmm.
Okay. Now come here.
Dinner's ready! Dinner's ready!
Yes! I heard you the first time!
All right.
Fuck's sake.
Life is about sharing those small,
everyday moments.
Worries, fears,
sorrow, but above all, joy.
But dinner isn't ready.
Yes, dinner is ready.
We're gonna have pasta…
whenever your dad decides to show up.
But if you don't have anyone
to share those moments with,
they can eventually
feel like they don't exist.
I can that tell you two have
a great foundation to build on. Honestly.
It's not up to me
to tell you what's gonna happen.
But, uh, as long as you have each other…
things usually work out.
LET GO
Mummy, Mummy, Mummy, I'm hungry!
- Ready in a minute, honey.
But I'm hungry now!
I'm hungry!
It really doesn't matter, Anna.
- You don't fake my signature.
- Hi!
Okay, and you don't go
rooting through my stuff.
I didn't go through your bag.
I picked it up from the floor.
You hung it up and went through it.
But-- Anyway, you don't do that, Anna.
You don't sign my name.
If it says for a parent to sign,
then I do it for you.
- Hi.
- Okay!
- All right? You're breaking the law here.
- Breaking the law? You're having a laugh!
Can you lay the table?
Hang on! Do you have any idea
how much I fucking practise every day?
- I do have a fucking idea.
- Hi.
- Shut up.
- I have noticed.
What's the point
in practising so much if I can't compete?
- I didn't say you can't compete.
- What's the problem then?
The problem is you were going
without telling me. That's the problem.
- I am in charge of my own life!
- Yeah. Right.
- I want the same pasta for me.
- It is the same pasta.
- Exactly the same.
- Hello?
Hello?
Have you stopped talking to me, then?
Ugh. Manne, you'll get a tummy ache
from the other pasta.
- This is the right one.
- I'm the only one that got picked!
Do I just give that up?
Lulu says I've got what it takes!
- Well, Lulu is not your mother, okay?
- Yeah, whatever! But I wish she was.
Oh, but if Lulu had been your mother,
I think she would want to have
an idea of her daughter's whereabouts.
- That's what I'm saying.
- Why does it always have to be your way?
Why do you always
have to decide everything all the time?
I don't. Give me a break.
Can everyone please leave their shoes,
coats, and bags where they're meant to?
I don't care what you say.
I'm going anyway.
Oh, God.
And, actually,
do you think I want you two there?
You argue all the fucking time
or you just don't speak.
And so what do you
bring to the party, anyway?
- You know what? I've had enough, okay?
- Just look at yourself.
Dad and I will talk about it.
Here you go, Manne, have some cucumber.
Why can't you talk about it now?
You're both here.
What's the problem? I don't get it.
Just talk to me.
- I don't have time for this now.
- The time for what?
So, is the problem
the dancing's too raunchy?
'Cause you know what? That says something
about you, you fucking paedo!
- Oh, for fuck's sake.
- What's a paedo?
Mum!
Anna, I said your father and I
will discuss it, but first--
You know what? Fuck off!
This pasta is blech!
Fuck off!
- I need to tell you something--
- I want to separate.
I would like a divorce.
It's not working.
- Mummy!
- No.
- I, uh…
- Yes.
I can't do this.
It's not working!
We can't get a divorce.
Not right now.
What's not working?
- Show me.
- This. Look, it's not working.
What if you press here?
Okay, you see now? It's working.
Oh, God.
Mummy?
"Even though Supermanne
was only a few months old,
he'd seen more than any other superbaby."
"Finally, the Superfamily was complete."
"And now nothing could ever stop them."
I've already decided. We're going.
Look, I know you want to punish me.
It's understandable.
I want to punish you, do I,
with your family?
Supporting your daughter?
No, but just now
you said you didn't want to go.
Well, now I do.
"Till death do us part," we said.
Now you want a divorce.
You can change your mind.
So you want to go now
just 'cause I want a divorce?
No, I want you
to be present in their lives
and be their parent before that.
- But I am present and I am their father--
- Oh, wonderful!
Then we're leaving in two weeks.
Just tell me, are we okay?
Do you really think
we have a good relationship?
I think we just need
to calm down a moment.
Then you'll realise
that it's the right thing, all right?
We have to.
No. No.
No, no, come on. No…
Let's sit down here.
I think, er, we should talk--
No, there's nothing to talk about.
You're coming.
This competition might not mean
anything to you, but it does to her.
So we're going.
That's it. End of discussion.
No, but…
Um, I think you should just go without me.
You misunderstand me. You are coming.
And we can talk about divorce
afterwards when we get home with the kids,
but just know
that we'll just have to pretend
that things are brilliant as always.
Hmm?
No, no, just listen.
- I can't just go and pretend--
- You know what?
When we are a family again,
a real family, you can leave me then.
But we're a family until that moment.
Family united.
All right?
This is her way
of always controlling all of the world.
And she's obviously out of control,
that's the problem.
It's…
It's like she's scheming or something.
What's she playing at?
We should have a sort of healing process,
then get divorced?
I'm sorry,
but is it reasonable to expect me
to behave like "Mr. Happy Families,"
who loves her, is attracted to her,
till one day she can find a way
to actually go on living without me?
I'm sorry, but I… I can't.
I… I can't deal with that!
Gustav, come.
- Yeah. Yeah.
- Sit down. Come here.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Come on.
Damn. Mmm.
- Take a breath.
- Ah, right.
- Mmm.
- It's okay.
Look, she's just
concerned about the children.
No, no, no. She…
Listen, they have no more problems
than anyone else in the world.
Really?
- You don't know them.
- No.
No, I don't.
Do you?
- What?
- Look, I don't mean it like that.
I can just feel that you are…
Well, I think it could be possible
that maybe you haven't been present,
and they need you right now.
But that's really
not what's at stake, I mean…
It seems like it is.
Ugh.
- Gustav, I'm just trying to help, huh?
- I know. I know.
You're just so good to me, darling.
Mmm.
And the worst thing is, and I admit
I've been hating myself for it…
- Hmm?
- …but I seem really pathetic about it all.
Pathetic? Perhaps you are.
You are pathetic, but you're also lovely.
- Mmm, yeah. Right.
- So sweet.
- Sweet and… Sweet and tasty.
- Hmm? Yeah?
For fuck's sake.
It's ridiculous, all of this.
It's just so unnecessary and needless.
it doesn't need to be
such a traumatic process.
- But, hey. Hey.
- Mmm?
I think you're overreacting.
Mmm.
It's only a couple of weeks, okay?
She's wanting a nice end to it all.
- And you can give them that.
- Yeah.
Then it will be me and you forever, babe.
- Okay?
- Mmm. Mmm.
- You want a hand with that?
- No, I'm fine.
You know
you can't pack a screwdriver?
- No, I know.
- And what about these?
There. Okay.
Okay. There.
- Where are my hot pants?
- Er…
Oh, I'll go and get them.
Hey! That's staying here, Manne.
Okay…
I'm going to miss you.
Me too. Safe flight
Don't run!
Hey, you need to put that in.
- Yeah, I know.
- Manne!
- Oh, and that has to go right there.
- Yes, I know! Leave me alone!
Hey, honey, come here.
Whoa. Come on, honey, let's go.
We have to.
- There are a lot of people waiting.
- No!
We'll be late for our flight. Come on.
Get that.
- I don't want to go to Skåne!
- No, but I do, honey.
Oh, what the fuck?
- Anything in your pockets?
- Uh…
Hang on, I need one of those.
Come this way.
Hey, Gustav, will you please go over there
and grab Anna's bag off the belt?
Yes, that one. Thank you.
- Hey, keep an eye on it.
- All over it.
- Can I have a look at your bag?
- Come on, honey.
- No!
- Yes. I say yes.
Okay.
Is it his?
Yeah, it's my
five-year-old son's rucksack.
What's in there?
What contraband have you found?
That's my gun!
It's a water gun.
Come on, it squirts water.
- It's a toy.
- And what about this toy?
Uh, well,
I don't know who would put that in there.
- That's my dad's property.
- And what is this?
- Kids, eh?
- This is staying here.
Mum?
Can you tell him this is a dancing pole?
No, no, no, don't do that.
Settle down.
Please, darling, can you just sit down?
Hey, uh, would you get me these
and, uh, a glass of red wine?
- Oh!
- Do you want anything?
No.
No, please. Hey, stop it.
Leave them alone, okay?
Come down now. Okay, sit down.
Phew!
There's some food for you.
- I said I don't want any.
- No, but…
- It might be all right.
- Manne, Manne, Manne.
Manne, please, sit down.
Sit down. No, don't press the button.
♪ Winning's for the lucky
Living just takes ♪
Enough of that, please.
- Bang, bang, bang! Bang, bang, bang!
- Manne. No, come on.
Bang, I shot you!
Tough being a single mother.
- Bang, bang, bang! Bang!
- No!
- No more shooting, okay? Now, sit down.
- Bang, bang! Bang, bang!
Bang, bang!
Welcome aboard
today's flight.
Oh, my God! Stop it, will you?
It's all right.
Shh, shh, shh. It's all right.
We are very pleased
to welcome you
and hope that you enjoy
your journey with us.
♪ Very lovely morning ♪
♪ Try not to kill yourself today… ♪
- ♪ Prescription made ♪
- ♪ Painkillers ♪
Thanks, darling.
Okay. So we've got…
This is ours as well.
Hello! Hello!
- Hey! Look, it's Grandma.
- Hey!
Oh! I'm so glad you rang!
Hi, Astrid! All right?
It's brilliant to see you.
- Yes! Oh, my darling!
- Yeah, um…
Aww!
It's so wonderful that you're here.
- So, who've we got behind this mask, huh?
- He doesn't like to take off the mask.
- So why don't you just…
- No. No, no, that I can understand.
Super cool!
We should all have
a really wonderful time at Grandma's!
And get all comfy!
We've got venison stew!
- I'm vegetarian.
- What the fuck?
It's just small bits.
She's your mum
and we can't come all the way here
and then not stay with her, can we?
You shouldn't have told her
we were coming.
Whatever you say, Gustav.
But that's the way it is.
Come on!
I was looking forward to seeing you!
- Come on.
- Is he alive?
He's alive. Yeah, come on.
Right, then.
I've made up the beds
in the guesthouse for you.
It's usually a bit cold out there,
so you might want to light a fire
an hour before bed.
It can take a while
for the cabin to warm up.
Yeah. I'll fix it.
- I'll believe it when I see it.
- Don't worry, you'll soon see it.
Okay.
- I'll fix it, before we get--
- I already said I'll do it.
Why didn't you mention
Anna was taking part in a competition?
I would have loved to see her strip.
- Hang on, it's not stripping.
- Oh, I'm not judging you, darling.
But it's a bit judgey calling it
stripping, that's all she's saying.
- Here, there you go.
- Thanks, but Manne doesn't eat gluten.
Oh, God.
Everyone's so picky these days. I mean…
Manne has just been
diagnosed with coeliac disease, so…
It just means
he shouldn't have so much bread.
It means that he can't have
any bread at all,
because he is completely intolerant.
Yeah, that's right.
Call it what you like,
but I think it's stupid.
Mum, can you please just drop it?
But can't I say
what I want in my own house?
In the old days,
when you were little…
…a slice of bread wouldn't kill anyone.
No, it's okay.
- Here, have some.
- No.
He gets a bad stomach ache
and diarrhoea, so it--
Darling, how could he eat his food
without a loaf of bread?
Please don't worry. I always bring
a bag of food with me, so it's all right.
Or we do. And we always pack extra.
If you ask me,
children these days are just plain spoilt.
- No one asked you.
- No.
You know what? It's not right, Gustav.
You only have one mother,
and you need to work on that relationship.
- What?
- Interesting.
- Have you done that?
- Eh?
Have you worked, Mum, on our relationship?
- Oof.
- Okay.
No, I want to know! Yeah.
From your perspective,
have you done any work on this?
Do you actually care?
Dad, don't you need to heat up
the cabin? It'll be fucking freezing.
- Go ahead, come on.
- But you… you never ping me.
Try and be the best grandmother
you can be, but do it for your own sake.
- I don't!
- Hello? Dad?
You have no right to give me
grief for not calling and begging.
Oh, my God!
That doesn't mean that I don't
want you to be a part of our lives.
- I know that, darling, but--
- I'm not gonna call you and beg for it.
- I don't expect you to.
- Dad!
If you'll excuse me,
I have a job to do.
I'm gonna go chop some wood.
Try to make sure
my family doesn't freeze to death.
Holy shit.
For fuck's sake!
Shit.
Here. Take this.
Everything's all right.
It's so fucking cold.
It'll warm up soon, love.
Okay. Tomorrow, we'll get a hotel.
I know you're in there.
Blink if you can hear me.
Okay, thanks. Bye.
Well…
- He's hard work, I know.
- Yeah.
At least he has you.
Yes.
Are you both doing okay? Hmm?
- Mmm.
- Well, that's good.
Because he needs you.
- He needs both of us.
- Well.
More than he could ever know.
Take care.
Okay.
No, honey, you can't press the buttons.
We're going now.
Mummy, I think he has superpowers.
He does. We have to go. Come on.
Can't we stay here?
Oh, another time, sweetpea.
Granny has so much to do. Boring stuff.
I want to stay here!
Yes, I know, honey.
But you know what?
The hotel is really close
to where Anna's competing,
so it'll be a lot easier.
Come on. here we go.
Let's put your seat belt on.
My understanding was that we'd be
staying much closer to the actual venue.
But you're
so very near to everything from here.
I really mean it.
And it's so great that we have
older contestants signed up this year.
- It would be great to be competing, but--
- Right. Room key.
And how far away did you say it was?
- It's just a stone's throw away.
- Mmm.
Um, if you've got a good arm.
- I need to fill up the car.
- Daddy, I want this!
- Don't mess about with that, please.
- But I can't leave him behind.
- He's my friend.
- Can you leave it?
- Put him back where you found him.
- No.
- Please stop arguing, will you? Okay.
- Pump's open, so you can fill up.
Thanks a lot. Let's see.
Hmm. Okay.
- Daddy!
- Hello, what are you doing?
- Are we staying here or--
- Yep, yep! I'll be right back.
So they've got magazines here.
You can have one each,
and I'll come right back.
- I don't want a magazine. I want Gorgor.
- Okay!
You can have that, all right?
Look, I'm coming back in a second.
You wait here. Keep an eye on him.
My mum made those.
Postcards.
She was bored and started to, uh,
scribble on paper.
My dad saw the potential
and printed the cards.
He thought they were beautiful.
Yeah, whatever.
Anna, look, it's Mummy on this magazine.
No, it isn't. Just leave it alone.
Stop it.
Oh, I don't…
There's something wrong with him.
Yeah.
Hot mum, though.
He was tougher
than I expected, but I stood my ground.
- Okay.
- Just like you said.
So I got what I wanted in the end.
Oh, well.
- I miss you.
- I miss you too.
- Talk later. Big kiss.
- Big kiss.
RECENTS
It's only about ten minutes from here.
Okay.
Could've been worse, I guess.
Uh, yep. Yeah, I'll settle up here, and…
Mmm-hmm.
The woman, who is she?
A colleague.
I'm not having her on this trip.
Okay, Gustav?
No.
Mmm.
Here.
Manne!
- Where's Manne?
- Sweetie?
I only left him with her
for one minute.
One minute!
Listen to me. I should be able
to leave them for a minute.
- Absolutely. Let's get going.
- Yeah.
Just stop.
You're driving me insane.
Look, you're obviously pissed off with me,
which is fair enough. I get it.
But tell me,
why can't you just behave like you are?
You're saying I should be yelling, Gustav?
I think you should
express your emotions in a normal fashion.
What you're doing to me
really is not normal.
It's not normal. It scares me.
I'm seeing someone behind your back,
and all I get from you is…
You're ice cold!
Yeah, just like that, stone-face!
Fucking stone-face!
What do you feel? What do you feel?
- Want to know what I feel?
- Yeah, I do. I do.
- I have to.
- Okay.
- Absolutely.
- Hmm.
I am so done with this.
I'm so tired of doing all of this.
You never help with anything. Nothing.
I mean, I booked this,
packed everything, every single bag.
You have done nothing.
Come on.
Obviously you've decided to resign
as my husband, and father.
Okay, so you're telling me
you're living with a man from the '50s?
- Yes, that's right!
- Yeah, I get it. I get it.
Excuse me, but I am certainly
utterly capable. I am very capable.
How can you say that?
You were meant to keep an eye on them,
just for a minute, weren't you?
I was filling up the tank, all right?
For our bloody trip to a strip show.
And I found our five-year-old boy
sat in a ditch looking at porn.
It's more important to ring your mistress
than watch your kids for a few minutes?
You know what?
That fucking scares me, Gustav!
If you're left alone with them,
how on earth could you take care of them?
Oh, fuck's sake.
Listen, we're talking about a minute here.
Exposure to porn for a minute!
That's all! One minute!
It isn't just about the porn.
It's much more.
You were always separate.
That's your problem,
you're never fucking here.
I'm stood-- I'm stood here.
I'm here right now.
I'm standing right here.
You just don't see me.
- I'm fucking invisible!
- Oh, right.
Yeah, sure thing, I'm six feet tall,
but you keep talking over me all the time!
Over my head!
My kids don't even answer me.
Gustav, have you considered
that there's a reason for that?
- And you know, I suppose?
- I do, yeah.
You're distracted.
Your mind is completely elsewhere!
You haven't a clue
what's going on with them,
'cause you're always apart.
They see!
They see that you don't see them.
That you always…
That you don't listen to me.
- You don't listen properly!
- No, I listen, and I'm not--
- You--
- Huh?
- What, Gustav? You don't listen to anyone!
- I listen!
Just hear me!
I'm a fucking professional listener!
I listen to people
night and day for God's sake!
- Can't I have any free time?
- You know what?
- You want to divorce me?
- Yes, I want that.
And that's just fine,
but you can't divorce your children.
And it's for their sake we're here now,
so can you please just--
We are here to watch our sixteen-year-old
baby daughter in a strip show.
- Stripping.
- It's dance on a pole.
Yeah, but she doesn't fucking
want us here. But we are here.
You know why? Because I listened to you.
Here we are.
And it's a fucking catastrophe.
- Hmm.
- Start of the end of it all.
- You can't ask any more of me.
- Yes, I can.
To be here, all right? All of you.
Not just in body, all of you.
To please…
prioritise your family just
for a few days. It's not a lot to ask.
- It's so cruel that… It's not right.
- No, you know what? No.
You asked me to say how I feel.
Do you know how I feel?
I feel as if I am your mother.
Okay.
You need to work on your relationships,
Gustav,
or you're going to end up
so fucking alone!
Yeah. Help me with my relationships.
So bizarre.
- Can you turn the phone off when we're--
- No, I can't.
Give me the phone and I'll help you.
How hard can it be?
- Can you give-- What's your problem?
- You're not having my phone.
Mummy's angry.
Mmm.
Stop!
- Enough!
- Give me my phone.
- Give me my phone!
- Want it? There you are.
- What the fuck?
- There you go.
- They're both mad.
- Mmm.
You're fucking sick.
You're sick, you know.
And you know what you are?
You are such a selfish arsehole.
Listen to me.
You're still going to have your children
even when I'm not in your life.
And I won't be there
to clear up all of your mistakes.
If you can make your kids happy,
even by going to fucking Skåne
to see them strip, you do it!
Okay?
With a smile! Hmm?
All right. I can do that.
I'll listen.
Good idea!
I feel happier already.
Yeah.
Hey! Shall we find a fancy hotel, eh?
Ah!
Okay, put your seat belts on, everybody.
There we are.
Let's go!
Ah…
- ♪ Oh, 'cause I'm happy ♪
♪ I'm happy ♪
YOU'RE NOT BORN OUT OF HELL
YOU CREATE IT YOURSELF
♪ Happy! ♪
♪ I must be the world's luckiest man ♪
Oh shit, that's me!
I can relate to that, Stella!
Can you feel the joy
flowing through us?
Oh, it's classic. I'm just enjoying it.
- ♪ Happy ♪
♪ Oh, I'm happy ♪
♪ Happy ♪
- ♪ The girl makes me happy, yeah ♪
Yup!
No, no, no, don't you carry them.
I'll carry them. I'll carry them.
I want to enjoy the feeling of… of…
really putting… putting some work in.
Come on.
This is gonna be great.
And look where we're staying.
Oh, yeah, this is gonna be great. Perfect.
And this stuff
weighs virtually nothing really.
- This is my bed!
- Yeah?
Okay, that's everything!
We're here, and it's cozy, and it's warm.
- I know that's important to you.
- Where's my round pole bag?
What the fuck
were you thinking?
What the fuck were you thinking?
The whole point of coming here
is for my fucking competition!
All my gear is in that fucking bag!
How the fuck could you forget it?
My hot pants, everything!
Every fucking thing!
The fuck were you thinking?
You're fucking useless, both of you!
I hate-- Let go of me!
Fuck you! Fuck off!
- Mummy…
- Yeah, don't worry.
She just got a bit angry.
That happens sometimes.
Go to hell!
Get out! Get the fuck out!
Hey, I know this isn't good.
It's my fault.
I'm sorry.
And…
Hey, whatever you're feeling right now,
it's all right--
Stop playing the fucking therapist!
You've ruined everything!
You always ruin everything!
Yeah.
How about we go for a drive?
Maybe we can buy you
some other outfits somewhere?
How the fuck
do you forget a bag at Arlanda?
I told you to keep an eye on it!
Yeah. You did.
Hey. Hey.
Uh, the shops are closing soon,
but if we hurry up,
we should still be all right.
Let's see if we can find you something.
Over my dead body.
You're so fucking useless, you know that?
Yeah.
I know.
I've heard it said.
"And Little One said,
'I am angry, and grumpy,
and no one loves me.'"
"'Oh, Little One,' Big One said."
"'You are grumpy, yes, you are,
but I love you, however you are.'"
Are you sad, Mummy?
No, honey, I'm not.
Here.
This one?
Are you kidding?
Here.
What do you think?
What?
Please, look,
you can have anything you want in here.
- Whatever you like.
- Okay.
Why the hell would I want to dance
in a pair of neon blue leggings
with knee pads on for?
That's a good thing!
They are well manufactured.
And, uh, they have knee pads.
They're elastic. They're sporty.
What? You have to help me.
You have to help me.
Help me, 'cause I have no… no idea.
But, Dad, do you know what?
Everything I ever needed was in that bag.
- All of it.
- Yeah.
Yeah, I get it.
And I am so terribly sorry
about all of this.
I understand how you feel,
I understand that you're angry,
and I am so, so,
so sorry for what happened.
Really.
But now we're here.
We have to make the best of it.
Just have a think about what you need,
and show me what you want.
You know, if you…
if you'd ever been to watch me pole dance,
you would've known that.
If you'd only…
If you ever thought about anyone else,
you wouldn't have left my bag.
But you don't, Dad. You don't do anything.
Yes, I do, Anna.
I'm standing here right now
and I'm doing all I can.
It's too late now.
For me, now,
the competition's already over.
- What? No, no, no.
- Yes.
Hey, hey, hey.
Okay.
I understand this isn't ideal.
I know this isn't exactly the shop
where you can buy pole dancing outfits.
But now we're here.
And we're actually
both after the same thing.
Which is for you to have fun
doing what you want
whilst performing
in the pole dancing competition.
So just be completely honest,
tell me what you need,
and I will fix that for you.
A pair of gold hot pants.
A pair of what?
You see?
It's no good. Fuck it, I'm off.
Okay, okay! Wait, we'll, uh…
Let's try and think about it this way.
Now, uh…
Let's just take our time. We…
I'll pick out a few things
that hopefully you won't hate.
You never know.
You look too.
We could come across something.
We'll bring it home,
and you can try it on in your own time.
See how it works.
Find something that you want to wear
for your competition, okay?
Okay.
I'll get these just in case
you want to try them. You never know.
Yeah.
Okay.
Look, I know it's not perfect,
but I think I can do something with them.
Yep.
I… I have an idea.
Okay?
Yeah. Do what you want.
All right. That everything?
And there we are.
- How'd it go?
- Shit.
She doesn't make it easy.
She doesn't make it easy
for anyone, least of all herself.
What do you want me to say?
- That I don't know my daughter?
- Do you think that's what I'm after?
I don't know.
Why didn't you tell me
how important this is for her?
Why didn't you ask her yourself?
You have to step up to the plate, Gustav.
Take responsibility.
It is our responsibility as parents.
It's not about buying expensive things
and spoiling them.
It's about being there when it matters.
- Okay.
- Or when it doesn't matter.
- I'm very aware of how it all functions.
- Yeah.
But it's not that easy
when you've taken that place, okay?
Oh, please. Okay.
Maybe it's not even your fault.
Maybe it's the system. Fine.
I'm the one who drives and all that.
Pays the family bills.
You're the one
that goes to the parent's meetings.
It may be a male or female thing,
call it what you will.
But these roles, we've followed them.
And that means the role I have,
I'm on the outside.
There's no place for me here.
Okay, but if you'd wanted that place,
you could've said something
or done something about it.
I've tried very hard and you know it.
I've done this
to make things easier for you.
Okay, yeah.
But if I go
and pack the bags for them all,
you will want to go and repack them
like if I didn't do it properly.
I pack the kid's bags
because I know where their things are.
You can never find anything.
No, 'cause you always
go and move everything.
Things are never, ever where I leave them.
It's the same old problem.
Is this really all about
who packs the kids bags?
- No. No.
- No? No.
This is about the children
and that I don't know them one bit
'cause you have never allowed me
to take any responsibility.
That's the real problem.
You are a total control freak.
You really are.
You always think it'll go to hell
if you're not there making it possible.
Yes, I worry about that.
Yeah, you do, so you don't include me
in the lives of our family.
- I've never excluded you.
- But you haven't included me either.
Do you understand?
You're always expecting me to fail.
Everything has to be done your way,
and I can't even breathe,
the pressure is just unbearable.
Maybe our aims are different.
No, we don't have different aims.
We have exactly the same ones.
We have different ways of going about it.
And maybe we have to accept that, in fact,
that life doesn't always turn out
as you would expect it to.
That's how it is.
You don't have to lose the plot.
How have I lost the plot?
- Well, I mean--
- No, but tell me when I've lost the plot.
I've got no concrete examples, okay?
I haven't.
- Oh? No.
- But you have, even if no one sees it.
It's okay to have control,
but you're not realistic.
Do you know what?
It'd be a relief
to let go of responsibility.
Mmm?
I'm happy to let go.
You can take over.
I think I'll just go to bed now.
Where are the toothbrushes?
Why is Daddy sleeping on the sofa?
So you can sleep here. Come here, honey.
I love you.
Every time you say you love me,
I double it.
Have you picked a theme?
Er, yeah.
Yeah? Great.
Thank you, I'll take that.
- Here you are.
- Thanks.
You can rehearse in ten minutes
in the gym across from the car park.
- Mmm-hmm.
- Are you going to bring anyone else?
- No.
- No. Good. Thank you.
- All good?
- Yeah, I'm going to rehearse.
- Do you want me to come?
- No.
- Okay.
- Well, that told you.
Message me when you're done.
We'll wait for you.
We're not waiting in the hallway.
- How will she get home?
- She can ring and I'll come get her.
- I'm not waiting here.
- Okay. All right.
- Hello! Hi! Hi!
- Okay.
- Hi! Bye.
- Hi!
Wait a sec. I'm so very glad you're here.
Erm, we could do
with a little help in there.
I mean,
if you're not too busy at the moment?
Er…
No, no, no! That's…
You pulled it too tight.
That's too tight.
Give it some slack. It needs to be looser.
Yeah, that's it.
- Looser.
- But now…
No, no. Now you gave it too much slack.
It's too loose. It needs…
It needs to go up.
Three centimetres up. Three centimetres.
Everything changed when I was
selected to compete in Bologna
- at the Piazza Manfredi in 2012.
- Mmm.
We need to have a talk
about the elephant in the room.
As a man, it's so difficult
to watch a bunch of teenage girls
writhing around a pole.
- Yet you do it?
- Yes and no.
I close my eyes.
- You close your eyes?
- Yes, I do.
I close them.
I'm there.
"Frank, think of something else."
Things you do for the people you love.
Sorry, do you, er, want a hand with that?
No, hell no. I have my methods.
She thinks I'm helping,
but really I'm just sitting here
feeling the knot while she's working.
"Frank, help me with the backdrop."
"Absolutely," I say without thinking.
I'm happy, she's happy, and life is easy.
The problem is that people aren't happy
with easy anymore.
- The goal posts move all the time.
- Mmm.
You know, you see a Merc, and think,
"Fuck, life would be fine
if I could drive that every day to work."
"If I had that Merc,
life would be so different."
The problem is eventually
that car will start breaking down.
At least I can fix my Saab,
you know what I mean?
Yeah. Yeah.
Frank! Stop fiddling
with that knot and give me a hand!
My Saab is always breaking down,
but I fucking love that car.
He's unbelievable.
Completely useless.
But, anyway, let's unpack these.
Frank, give me a hand!
- Frank!
- Yeah, yeah, I'm coming.
- Keep your hair on.
- Just hold this up, would you?
Like this, my love?
Hey.
- You okay?
- Mmm.
- You?
- Yeah, fine.
I had, erm, a little conversation
with an extremely odd person.
Mmm.
He's probably no odder than she is.
Have you met your match?
No, I mean that
she is a very special person.
Look, I'll show you. She has…
She's actually made all of these herself.
Look at that.
Pole Trolls.
It's incredible.
Are you not feeling very well?
No, I think I just need
to eat something actually.
- I'll get you something to eat.
- Mmm.
You'll feel better.
This is a lucky troll.
Isn't it lovely?
This is for you, as a thank you
for helping out today.
Or give it to your daughter, will you?
She might have need of it.
It's a hard competition this year.
We'll see you at the opening
ceremony tonight.
- Right?
- Absolutely!
Sorry, I just have to…
MORPHINE
WHAT DO I TELL THE CHILDREN?
THE SWEDISH CANCER SOCIETY
Why would I want to go
to a fucking kickoff party?
- What should I have said then, no?
- Yeah!
Well, I didn't, all right?
And now we're going to the kickoff,
the whole family.
I can't wait.
It's my ultimate dream.
Try and be excited.
There was no, er,
mustard I'm afraid, so, uh…
It's a bit sad.
Mummy?
Mummy!
- Mummy, why aren't you listening?
- Manne, come on.
Hello?
Come on.
In we get, okay?
- Why's Mummy acting funny, Daddy?
- Seat belt.
Okay.
Are you okay?
Mmm.
Now, erm, you'll feel much better
once you've eaten that rubbish.
You know you can trust me. I'm a doctor.
Come on.
- Are you feeling any better?
- Mmm-hmm.
Do you want some help with that?
Yeah, go on.
♪ This is gold ♪
♪ I'll show you
This is gold and I just know it ♪
♪ We will glow ♪
♪ Oh, this is gold… ♪
So…
Thank you.
- Carry me, Mummy!
- I can't, my love.
Come. Come, come.
If anyone asks, you're not here with me.
Of course.
Hang on.
Looks like they've only got pizza.
Did you bring his bag?
Er, I must have…
So you didn't. Okay.
You know what, honey?
You stay put with Dad,
and I'll go get the bag with the food.
But I want to go with you.
- Yes, but--
- Wait, wait, wait.
They might have something
gluten free on their menu.
Shall we go and ask them?
I doubt it. Give me the car keys.
I'll deal with this,
and I'll have a word with them, and…
Can you just give me the bloody keys?
Now we're in the exactly the situation
we talked about yesterday, do you see?
He says he needs to eat.
And so just because of that,
your entire world falls apart.
Please don't lose the plot over this.
Please, Stella,
just try to let go for once.
You have to let go, Stella, please.
Okay.
- Okay?
- Okay. I'll let go.
Good.
- Can you look after that? And that?
- Yes.
So, er…
I'll go to the bar
and order myself a drink then.
- That sounds like a good idea.
- Mmm.
Okay, then.
- So you'll have to drive home.
- Let go, please.
Yep.
- Are you competing?
- Well, why do you ask?
Are you really?
Yeah, really.
Got my game face on.
Ah. Okay.
- Okay, erm…
- You got a theme?
- Yeah…
- Okay?
Don't want to say what it is?
Wait, sorry.
See that woman there?
What the hell is she wearing?
You'd think, like, this whole event
has been organised for her
to show off to everyone,
not for the competition.
She's okay being the centre of attention.
Okay, where is Gabbe?
I'll sort it.
She's coming over. She's coming.
Your dad needs more cases of beer, okay?
- Hi!
- Hey.
Hey, you!
I'm so glad you could make it! Hi!
Cheers!
No. No, no, no, Manne. Come on.
It's really dirty on the floor down there.
I'm hungry.
- Sit down and we'll order. Let's order.
- Let go! Let go of me!
He's coming over now. Let's get food.
Hey, hey, hey.
Erm, we were wondering
if you have anything without gluten.
Gluten free?
We have pizza.
Yeah, I know you do.
That's, erm…
Well, that's the problem,
because it's bread.
Yeah. You want something without bread?
Like pizza without bread?
Yeah.
So just cheese?
Cheese would be okay. Erm…
Listen, whatever it is, just make sure
that it doesn't contain gluten in it.
Thanks a lot.
I feel like I'm…
I'm swaying.
Fuck, I'm sorry.
- I didn't know that was your mum.
- Don't worry.
Do you want one?
Are you all right?
When did you start practising?
Erm, quite recently.
You?
Since I was a baby.
Well, not really, but you know.
I do it for my mum.
I know it sounds cheesy, but…
she's had some tough times.
All this, this whole thing,
means so much to her.
And I…
Well, if she's happy…
- Yeah.
- I don't think it sounds cheesy.
My act is about mutual support,
but it really feels so fucking fake.
Why?
It's not like we're really
supporting each other just now.
You see, my mum and dad
aren't getting on at the moment.
Mmm.
And then I want to do this,
and they don't think it's appropriate.
No, it isn't.
Why not?
Don't get me wrong, but for you girls,
it's all connected to striptease.
Why is that?
Because you're pole dancing.
Moving around.
Yeah, but…
Fuck you. What about midsummer festivals?
- Yeah.
- You don't call that stripping, or do you?
No, maybe not.
- Cheese.
- Right.
Thank you. That worked out really well.
Erm…
Manne…
Manne?
♪ The brightest light that shines ♪
♪ It's been you, woman ♪
♪ Right down the line ♪
♪ I just want to say this is my way ♪
♪ Of tellin' you everything
I could never say before-- ♪
Sorry, I think that your son
needs your help.
Okay. Thank you.
Come and dance with me.
- Yeah, I've gotta…
- Come on.
I'll be right back.
Oh, dear. Hey. Hey, what's up?
- I just wanted to try it.
- Okay. It's okay. Okay.
Whoa. It's all right.
Whatever it is, we can fix it.
Tell Mummy. She knows what to do.
Yeah, but Daddy also know what to do.
Come on, let's go.
Ow.
What happened?
He had some pizza,
so I'll have to take him in.
- Where to?
- Ow.
- To the hospital.
- Why? What about Mum?
- What did you say?
- Where's Mum?
Uh, she's in there. She…
She's…
She's letting go.
Tell her. Tell her where we went.
What the fuck?
I told you not to embarrass me.
- Honey--
- I hate you! Get off me!
Yeah. Thanks, I know.
You say it every day. I've got it, Anna.
Is it…
Is it supposed to hurt this much?
It doesn't seem right that it's this bad.
- Ow!
- You said that he was gluten intolerant?
- Yeah.
- Then that's probably what's not right.
- Ow!
Okay, you'll be all right.
Manne, can I feel your tummy?
No!
She's just going to
feel it very gently. It'll be very gentle.
I promise it won't hurt.
It'll be all right.
There we go. Good boy.
- Mummy!
- Don't worry, we'll be all done here soon.
Let's feel it.
It's all right.
You're doing so well! So well!
It's okay.
- Okay. There. All done.
- Ow!
- Yeah. There we are.
- She's all finished.
I mean, if you're gluten intolerant,
it can hurt like this.
- But Manne will be fine.
- Yeah?
I'll get you some fluid replacement
that you can take home.
- Okay.
- I'll be back in a minute.
- In a minute? Yeah.
- Yup.
Okay, hear what she said, a minute?
That's 60 seconds.
Shall we count down from 60?
- All right. Okay. So, 60…
- Mmm-hmm. 60…
Fifty-nine, fifty-eight,
fifty-seven, fifty-six…
Fifty-five, that's it.
- I can't count any more backwards.
- No, no, but I can do it.
- Fifty-four--
- I'm going to poo myself.
He's not answering.
Fuck!
Because you threw his phone on the ground
and stamped on it, for God's sake.
- Can you stop being so angry with me?
- Stop being so horrible.
How am I so horrible?
Can you explain to me what I do wrong?
You do everything wrong, Mum,
just everything. You're always on at me.
You're always on at everyone else too!
And you're always nagging.
It's like you don't give a fuck
what we really want.
Well, trust me, I do, Anna.
I didn't… I didn't want you to come here.
I'm okay on my own, for fuck's sake.
You want to be with me all the time!
You don't leave me alone for a second!
It's like you…
Stop controlling my life!
You're suffocating me! Suffocating me!
You're constantly worried about losing me
and it's doing my fucking head in!
You have to realise I'm growing up.
- You need to deal with that!
- You know what, honey?
I know that you're growing up.
Okay?
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry if I embarrassed you in there.
I didn't mean to at all.
I was trying to have a good time.
But I fucked up. I'm sorry.
But do you know what, Anna?
I'm only human. I fail sometimes.
Honey, I want…
I just want to be part of your life.
You see, I…
I really want you to know that
whatever you do, I'm here for you, Anna.
You should know that.
We are. We are here for you.
Whatever happens,
I'm always so proud of you, darling.
I really want you to know that.
You know we can't always be together.
Yeah.
I realise that.
You say you do.
You must…
You must let me stand on my own two feet.
But, honey, I want you
to stand on your own two feet.
Yes, I'm terrified of losing you.
But I want you
to live the life that you want to live.
'Cause if you're happy, then I'm happy.
Please just stop being so angry with me,
because I don't think
I can take it any longer.
♪ Today ♪
♪ You were far away ♪
♪ And I… ♪
I told you
I couldn't count backwards.
Yeah, you did say that.
But now you're feeling a bit better, yeah?
- But I don't have any underpants now!
- It's okay.
We'll get to the car
and then we can get out of here.
But I don't want to go without
any underpants on!
- ♪ What could I say? ♪
♪ I was far away ♪
You all right?
♪ You just walked away ♪
You okay?
Yeah.
I think you should stick with your theme.
It's lovely.
"Stronger Together," right?
Yeah, I don't know, really.
Don't be too hard on her.
She's obviously having
a bit of tough time, you know?
But she means well.
Thanks for the lift.
See you tomorrow.
♪ Tonight… ♪
Are you okay?
- I'm not feeling too great, honey.
- No?
- Come on, I'll get you to bed.
- I can do it myself.
I know, but I want to help you.
Okay, well… Wait, I just have to…
- ♪ And I just watch you ♪
It's okay.
♪ Slip away ♪
All right? Nothing wrong with these.
They're normal wrestling boxer shorts.
I could start wearing them to work,
actually.
- You can't do that.
- Yeah, I can.
Everyone at the office
will be jealous of me.
Especially the glittery gold bits.
You're the best pal.
What even is this?
It's supposed to be
a lucky troll.
- That dances on a pole?
- That does pole dancing.
Do you have problem with that?
Yeah, as it happens.
What am I supposed to do with it?
You could put it
on your bag as a souvenir, or…
I don't know, but I don't want it.
What, really?
Nope.
You don't suffocate me, Mum.
- I don't know why I said that.
- Don't worry, sweetheart.
You don't do everything wrong.
You do everything right.
I don't know about that.
I love you.
Every time you say that, I double it.
No.
- That's the weirdest troll I've ever seen.
- It could be…
…the weirdest thing anyone's ever seen.
Come on,
let's show them our new outfits.
- Hi!
- Or not.
Here we are.
We have gone shopping
for some new clothes.
You tell 'em.
- What?
- Nothing to see here.
He's just got some new trousers.
As you can see.
They used to be mine,
but I'll never get them back.
Never ever, ever.
- Get him!
- He's trying to get me! Ow!
Okay, enough.
Off you get. Come on. Come on.
Can't believe
I left the hospital half naked.
Come on, then.
Ah, well.
I'm gonna go to bed.
I love you.
♪ Many times before… ♪
Okay, let's go.
Say good night to Mummy.
- Night, night.
- Good night. Sweet dreams, honey.
- Good night.
- ♪ Leaving today ♪
♪ In the morning ray ♪
♪ You come ♪
♪ And nobody feels you… ♪
"'Of course,' Big One said."
"'What's a bug or two?'
I will love you forever anyway.'"
"'Whatever happens,'
Little One said with a smile."
"'But what if I became a huge crocodile?'"
"Big One said, 'I would hug you,
stroke every scale,
and then put you to bed every night.'"
DON'T TOUCH!
WET PAINT
♪ The wake up ♪
♪ The wake up for you still ♪
♪ The morning bless ♪
♪ And make darkness go away ♪
- Gustav, I--
- He's my son too.
I know that.
He's wonderful.
I'm going out for some, er…
some fresh air.
Mmm.
I can't leave them.
I don't want to.
I really don't want to.
I… I want to be with my family now.
I'm sorry.
You're sorry?
You're so…
Don't you know how patient I've been?
I've stood by you the whole time!
Yes, I do.
Do you really, though?
It's like you don't actually care
about other people and their emotions.
I've… I've done everything for you.
Waited for you.
I've been your fucking therapist.
And now you just--
I… I don't know what to say.
No, of course not.
You never do.
What superpower
would you like to have?
- I'd like to be able to fly!
- Mmm-hmm!
Or be invisible!
What superpower would you want?
To be able to stop time, sweetie.
Hey. You all right?
Did you, er…
Did you have a good rehearsal?
Mmm-hmm.
To be able
to do things again, better.
Look, we can leave you to it,
if you'd rather.
And then we can pick you up later.
That's no problem.
It's your call, okay?
No, I… I want you to stay.
- Well, everything, really.
- Okay.
Well, that's a shame.
Because, to be honest,
there are lots of other things
we wanted to do like, er…
Are you nervous?
- We need to pack up.
- Mmm.
That's completely natural.
- I would be too.
- Can I take that, Mummy?
Well, if you were in a
pole dancing competition, I'd be nervous…
for you.
Thank you.
Look.
You're going to do so well.
You are awesome.
And so beautiful.
It's boring sitting here.
You wave that thing in there
and I'll kill you.
Mmm.
Okay. Don't worry.
- Is she all right?
- Yeah.
Huh.
- Does she know about the hot pants?
- On her backside?
- No.
- No, I don't think so.
- Er, okay.
- Mmm-hmm.
And our next participant
wants to tell us about how…
how we are "Stronger Together!"
Welcome to the stage, Anna Holm!
Knock 'em out.
- ♪ See the midnight sun ♪
♪ Feel my life when I'm alone at night ♪
Whoo-hoo! Anna!
♪ One by one ♪
♪ I hear angels call
I watch them as they fall ♪
- ♪ Longing for another time ♪
♪ When I don't have to worry ♪
♪ Looking for another sign ♪
- Come.
- What? No.
- Yes, come!
- It's your act.
But you're the one who called it
"Stronger Together." Fuck's sake, come on.
Come on.
You owe me one, all right?
- ♪ Something's burning in me ♪
♪ I'm standing here, killing time ♪
♪ What is wrong with me?
I'm just standing here, killing time ♪
♪ It goes on and on
I'm just leaving myself behind ♪
♪ Something's burning in me
I'm standing here, killing time ♪
♪ Anyone ♪
♪ Forgive me
For the bad things I have done ♪
♪ Longing for another time ♪
♪ When I don't have to worry ♪
♪ Looking for another sign ♪
- ♪ Something's burning in me ♪
♪ I'm standing here, killing time ♪
♪ And the hunger I feel ♪
♪ I'm just standing here, killing time ♪
Whoo!
You are so fucking good!
You're so damn good! Oh, my God!
How are you gonna celebrate?
I think my parents,
er, have their hands full.
But what the fuck?
You won the whole thing, didn't you?
Yeah, well…
If you hadn't pulled me up on stage,
you could've won it.
- Fuck, that was great!
- Don't swear!
No, no, but, oh, my God,
that was insane, both of you!
- Honey!
- I mean, I mean…
We are… I mean, we are…
We are so happy.
- Amazing, Anna!
- Hi! Hi!
You were so good at the stripping!
- My God, Anna.
- Thanks.
You could've sat with us.
That would have been nice.
I was here to see Anna, not you.
Ah, well, message received.
Let's celebrate.
Let's go. What do you want to do?
Is it okay
if I celebrate with Gabriel instead?
But we're here
and want to celebrate with you, Anna.
It's okay. Let her go.
Okay. It's up to you.
We'll give you a… a stupid amount of cash.
- Shall we eat something?
- Yeah.
Okay, so you, then. What'll we do?
- I want to go with Grandma.
- Do you now?
Honey, another day.
- Grandma's busy, you know?
- No, I'm not busy at all, sweetheart.
- Of course you can come back to mine.
- Yay!
You can get him tomorrow.
We should take him, probably.
You need some alone time.
We'll see you tomorrow.
- You want to go? Yeah?
- Come on! Yeah?
Let's go home
and play cards with Granddad.
Mmm.
Bye, honey.
Oi, oi! Hello, hello, hello, hello…
- This is the bag with his food.
- Yes.
So, please don't take any chances.
- I have Googled it. It'll be all right.
- Well, okay.
Okay, great.
Bye-bye!
- She's Googled it.
- Mmm-hmm.
So it'll be a disaster.
She's a liability.
You can't just give her an iPad
and hope that it's all
gonna work out for the best.
Stop!
Okay. Oh, well.
- It's been a while since we sat like this…
- Mmm.
…just us two.
With nobody to interrupt.
It feels unusual.
Mmm. But I can help.
I can do something distracting
to make you feel at home.
What happened to us?
How did we get here?
I realise that you, um…
Er, you don't love me anymore.
You haven't for some time now.
But I have tried.
I've tried to understand it.
Why you are so…
always angry with me.
- You hate me.
- No.
- I don't hate you.
- Yes, you do. You hate me.
But at the same time,
you can't, er, let me go.
I… I just don't know anymore.
No, I understand that.
I don't really understand myself
why I've been so angry.
And I have been so angry with you.
And that's not fair.
I suppose I got stuck…
fighting in Mummy corner, and, erm…
And that's not your fault.
You never asked that of me, but, er…
I think I've felt
so disappointed with you because…
because it seems like you don't see
what I've done for this family.
It's not that I don't see.
Yeah, I…
Er…
I think I have, like, er,
a really pathetic,
and sadly very common,
male problem.
Er…
That, er, I can't handle
the children getting all the attention.
It's that simple and stupid.
And I began to, er…
to feel a bit empty.
I began to miss you.
I also felt I was getting in the way.
And so I thought
it was for the best if I just…
It was best for all of us if I just
quietly went away and said goodbye.
Everything I did was wrong.
As you correctly pointed out.
But it's also…
Ugh.
…so fucking dumb.
No one gets better
just by nagging them, do they?
- I don't know, maybe you do.
- And maybe you don't either.
It's not that I enjoy nagging you
or that I'm trying to cast blame.
You do know that?
Yeah, course I do.
But I think
we both know by now that I really…
I deserved it.
Recently, anyway.
I have been so stupid.
And really useless.
No, don't say that.
You aren't useless.
Hey.
You're not.
I miss you.
I miss us.
What we once were.
Do you remember?
Yeah.
It was so fucking good.
Mmm.
- Yeah, it was great.
- It was so great.
So fucking great.
And now we're sitting here
and everything's gone to hell, Stella.
It's harder to fight than you realise
when you don't feel seen.
But I see you.
Believe me, I see you.
- Yeah.
- I see what you've done for this family.
And I'm very, very sorry
for what I've put you through.
And what I've done to our family.
I understand if you don't want me back.
You know what?
If you're happy with her…
- Then I'm happy for you.
- Can you please not say things like that?
- Really, Stella.
- I mean it.
I don't know how to say this,
but whatever happens--
Look, whatever happens,
can we just not talk about it now?
Not right now.
Could we just maybe,
for now,
forget about it…
and make the most of tonight?
Let's enjoy tonight
and make the most of it. You and me.
Here and now.
Can we do that?
Okay.
- ♪ Conquer loneliness with love ♪
♪ Conquer fear with love ♪
♪ Conquer body ache with love ♪
♪ To conquer pain with love ♪
♪ Conquer loneliness with love ♪
♪ Conquer fear with love ♪
♪ Conquer body ache with love ♪
♪ How will I know? ♪
♪ Conquer loneliness with love ♪
♪ Conquer fear with love ♪
♪ Conquer body ache with love ♪
♪ How will I find? ♪
♪ Conquer loneliness with love ♪
♪ Conquer fear with love ♪
♪ Conquer body ache with love ♪
♪ How will I hear? ♪
♪ Conquer loneliness with love ♪
♪ Conquer fear with love ♪
♪ Conquer body ache with love ♪
♪ How will I feel? ♪
♪ Conquer loneliness with love ♪
♪ Conquer fear with love ♪
♪ Conquer body ache with love ♪
♪ How will I know? ♪
♪ Conquer loneliness with love ♪
♪ Conquer fear with love ♪
♪ Conquer body ache with love ♪
♪ How will I find? ♪
Hi.
I was just going to wake you up.
- What time is it?
- It's quarter past one.
- What?
- The car's all packed.
Mum dropped off Manne,
so the kids are all ready.
Take your time.
Everything's done.
Come out when you're ready. We'll wait.
How many legs for an alien?
How long's a piece of string?
- How would I know that?
- I don't know!
Er, Mummy,
how many legs does an alien have?
It's impossible to really know
about aliens, Manne, because, well…
no one's ever seen one of them.
I think that they have two of them,
Manne, actually.
Okay.
Mum, can you come, please?
I'll be with you in a sec, Anna.
I just need to put Manne to bed.
Can we have a talk?
Stella…
Hey.
Come on.
I know it will take time.
And I know I don't deserve it.
I'm so sorry. I don't know what to say.
I'll do anything for you, Stella.
Do you hear?
It's too late.
No.
Gustav, listen to me.
I'm not well.
- I have cancer.
- No, no…
Everything…
Everything will be okay.
It's okay.
As a mother, your job is to say
that everything will be all right.
Even if you know it won't be.
They say
you can't start processing it
until you've told your family.
And…
I should have done it straight away.
I know it was cowardly and wrong.
But I couldn't do it.
I wasn't brave enough.
I thought my biggest fear
was being left by the one I love.
But now I know
that it's a hundred times worse
to leave the ones you love.
Because I was so bloody afraid
of what would happen when I wasn't there.
I was afraid the children
would feel guilty about me, and…
and children
shouldn't have to go through that.
They shouldn't have to go through that.
I was afraid
my husband would feel sorry for me…
and stay with me for the wrong reason.
- Wool?
- Yeah, I have.
- There's no wool in hot pants.
- I have. There can be.
I was afraid about how…
how he would cope with everything
without me there.
I was afraid
of how the children would react.
I was afraid they…
How the hell
would they cope with everything?
I was afraid they would feel alone.
I was afraid of everything.
Hi.
But I realise
our children are in a good place.
That's all I've ever cared about.
Shall we
go Christmas shopping now?
I know that they are surrounded
by people who love them
more than life itself.
- I'll see you soon.
- Anna, you coming?
And that those of you
who are still here
will take care of everything.
Come.
I know that you're here.
All of you.
For them.
I love you.
Every time you say it, I double it.
That I won't
soon be a part of the…
chaotic life of our amazing family…
I can't express how sad I am
about having to leave you.
But I'm not afraid now.
You're gonna be all right.
- Yeah!
- Okay, we have to go.
- We have to go, yeah?
- Yeah!
- Have you got your pole?
- Yes.
- And your hot pants?
- Yeah! Stop nagging me!
Up!
And down.
Up…
- Hi, Grandma.
- And down.
- Hi, Anna, darling.
- Hi, Grandpa.
Superpowers! Will you please have a look?
Yeah! Come.
Blink if you have superpowers.
I knew it! I told you he had superpowers.
Great! But can you stop harassing
Granddad and get in? Come here. Come on.
Put your seat belt on.
I'll give you these.
- What are you doing?
- You're sitting on Gorgor!
- Don't hit me, all right?
- Daddy, Anna is being mean.
- Yeah?
- I didn't do anything to him.
You are being mean,
you're sitting on Gorgor.
Grab that.
Let's just do this.
Okay!
Nine hours and forty-five minutes.
Okay, everyone?
Yep! Thanks, Mum. That's great.
I can't see a problem. We just
love riding in a car for nearly ten hours.
All good.
Ten hours. Just great.
It'll be great.
- ♪ Fear for what I have done ♪
♪ I'm better together with you ♪
♪ I'm falling so slowly, you sleep ♪
♪ So close next to you in the deep ♪
♪ I want time, time, time, time ♪
♪ Time, time, time, time with you ♪
♪ Baby, can't you see? ♪
♪ I don't want you to leave ♪
♪ I'm better together with you ♪
♪ I'm falling so slowly, you sleep ♪
♪ So close next to you in the deep ♪
♪ I want time, time, time, time ♪
♪ Time, time, time, time ♪
♪ So easy to falter ♪
♪ So easy to fall ♪
♪ The things that you told me
I can't recall ♪
♪ I feel emotions
Coming up from my chest ♪
♪ I'm tripping around and around
I'm going to drown ♪
♪ Don't sing me a love song ♪
♪ You do me wrong ♪
♪ You're going down south ♪
♪ I'm going round, round ♪
♪ Falling so slowly, you sleep ♪
♪ So close next to you in the deep ♪
♪ I want time, time, time, time ♪
♪ Time, time, time, time with you ♪
♪ I'm falling so slowly, you sleep ♪
- ♪ I'm falling so slowly, you sleep ♪